.Domain
.Motivation and Problem statement
.Structure of project
.Techstacks used(language,framework,libraries)
.Team
Questions:
1.Why you used this particular techstack?
2.Difficulties faced while building project?
3.What are the future improvements of the project?
4.execution process
5.What were the learnings from this project?
6.Overview of the project.
7.unique features in your project.

->Domain
The domain of the project I have chosen is Agriculture.
->problem statement
As we all know that the "farmers who grow potatoes are facing lot of economical losses every year
because of various diseases that can happen to a potato plant. There are 2 common diseases known as 
early blight and late blight.Early blight is caused by a fungus and late blight is caused by a 
specific microorganism and if a farmer can detect these diseases early and apply appropriate 
treatment then it can save lot of waste and prevent the economic loss.So to solve this vast problem 
, I have developed a deep learning model using CNN to predict accurately whether the potato plant 
is healthy or not." Initially I started collecting the dataset, which included the images of a 
healthy potato plant and a plant having early blight or late blight. So I found the perfect match 
of dataset which I needed on kaggle and downloaded it. For data cleaning and preprocessing purpose 
I have used tf dataset and data augmmentation ().After that the traning of the model was done with 
the training data set. And finally the testing dataset was used to test the model.The coding part 
was done in jupyter notebook and the python libraries used were numpy,pandas,tensorflow,pyplot from
matplotlib. 

1. As jupyter notebook is an open-source application that provides an interactive computatinal 
environment.Unlike python scripts it allows us to execute code in non-linear fashion.This means
that we can execute code blocks in an arbitrary order instead of being forced to execute every 
block from the top to the bottom.We are easily able to arrange the stuff like code,text,images 
and output in a step by step manner. 
CNN delivers better performance with image inputs. CNN's do not require human supervision for the 
task of identifying important features. They are very accurate at image recognition and 
classification. Weight sharing is another major advantage of cnn's. cnn's also minimize 
computations in comparision with a regular neural network.

2. The difficulty which I faced was that, the epoches took a lot of time to run which also then 
heated up my laptop. Also ,I understood that to run epoches on larger training dataset ,I need to
have a GPU support in my laptop. And even during the development of the model it was a quite 
challenging task to learn and understand ann and cnn in theory as I had to understand all the 
computations and processing that is done inside the neural network.

3. Presently if I have to show my model to someone I have to send a Jupyter notebook but as I have
some knowledge on website development using react , I am thinking to build a web app around my 
machine learning model for others to try it.Earlier i have worked on a 
team project of building a web app using react during which i learned the basics of react.
By this everyone can easily see the working of my model with the help of frontend without going
into the coding part.
Also I am thinking of making it as a generalized plant disease predictor which can predict diseases
of other plants too.Creating and training a CNN model from scratch is a tedious process,this model
can be used to detect and classify diseases of other plants too,by simply training the model using
respective dataset(how?)


4. 

5.Talking about technical learnings,I got to know different aspects where cnn that can be used like 
image classification, prediction etc. and can detect important features without any human 
supervision. Coming to other learnings, as I studied about these diseases and came to know the 
economical struggle of a farmer when there is no such support of technology. Some wrong decisions 
can ruin their whole hardwork because identifying these diseases in the early stages is bit tedious task 
which can easily be done with the help of technology. therefore, there is a need of AI in
agriculture field too.

6.same as structure of project

7. 





















 